[TA] Modify wording on samples (#19243)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/textanalytics/Azure.AI.TextAnalytics/README.md

}
```

### Run multiple actions Asynchronously

> This functionality allows to run multiple actions in one or more documents. Actions include entity recognition, linked entity recognition, key phrase extraction, and Personally Identifiable Information (PII) Recognition.. For more information see [Using analyze][analyze_operation_howto].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This functionality allows running multiple actions in one or more documents. Actions include entity recognition, linked entity recognition, key phrase extraction, and Personally Identifiable Information (PII) Recognition. For more information see [Using analyze][analyze_operation_howto].
```

        DisplayName = "AnalyzeOperationSample"
    };

    AnalyzeBatchActionsOperation operation = await client.StartAnalyzeBatchActionsAsync(batchDocuments, actions);

    await operation.WaitForCompletionAsync();

> 

Reviewer: Should we add operation metadata like expired on, created on etc?

Author: Added
